After 13 years in my Minecraft world,
I'm still finding new ways to improve in
the game all the time. But I never
thought Disneyland would be where I
found my new favorite technique for
making my world feel immersive. I went
to the park last spring and I loved how
enveloping the theming felt. So, I
wanted to learn more about how they pull
it off. That's when I found this video
by George Browning talking all about
sight lines. Sight lines are a
consideration in the design of urban
planning and architecture with super
varied applications. It can be a safety
concern like making sure drivers can see
other cars coming or it can be more
about value like making sure that the
people in a theater can get a good view
of the show from any seat so you can
sell more tickets. Disney Imagineers use
sightelines all the time to block out
oftheme areas from view within their
parks. For example, George Browning
shows off this triangular shaped tree
that perfectly blocks the Matterhorn
mountain ride from view since seeing the
Swiss Alps would totally ruin the feel
of the New Orleans Square. In my latest
super flat build in the related video, I
wanted to make an ancient temple that
feels super hidden, like a secret
sanctuary. So, by carefully placing a
ruined church and a dozen or so custom
trees to block the sight lines, I was
able to perfectly obscure the area from
most angles. This forces the player to
actually enter the area on foot, where
the trees frame a perfect reveal of the
ancient statue inside. I guess I have no
choice but to go to Disney more often.
Thanks, Disneyland.